hi girls and boys
today we find ourselves for a
new video so this time it's
not a tag but a tutorial then I see
you ask if there is something that has
changed if there has been a change
because in fact I went to the
barber move a new haircut
hair
which made me think that I have to
do my hairstyle routine so this
will I think within a week of you
open watch a little bit and tricks
a little tip to style you all
mornings like me first tutorial it's
a nail art tutorial because I tell myself that
it would be fun to show you my
little trick the little technique for
to do funny things on his nails
for this tutorial I imposed myself a
constraint the one to show you three
different patterns that each time
reflects some of the personalities
like that you learn to do both
nail art is both knowing me
so the first motive that I got
done is a pattern that expresses a little
how to say my tolerant and open side
spirit
actually says to try to draw me a
rainbow on the nail because actually
ball rainbow is a bit like
flag sent the flag the report
advise what the one who presents the
so I chose varnishes from the range
iceland girl for me this range has
really pretty colors what is
perfect for my rainbow I'm going
so come applied band after band
each color
I know it's not really respecting
the right colors of the arc flag in
heaven but finally good I was not good
polish on me finally you understood
the idea that my advice is good
let dry between each band and
this is a first round of fact the
second reason is a little star
because in fact that represents my side
a little dreamy a little head elsewhere
but not committed all the time game you
often have to head to the moon finally
in the end blow his own stars
but it can be a first
step in the street of the star
so I apply my base before coming
put a white polish I chose the
nail from topshop because it's my
favorite simply I come so in
apply once and it's important
that my base to dry then with my
fluo julien pen draw contours
of the star for the little anecdote I
never really knew how to draw the stars
so since kindergarten I do
always the same my little tip that I
you book here is to draw two
triangles finally I fill her the canvases
with my favorite color
yellow is 2 and third and finally
last reason these two little lightning
because in fact we say it's a
real little electric ball
so here are these two little ones is clear that
present this side a little energetic that
gekko so I already apply a
layer of emerald green on which I
came
drawn to change in order to break a
little too full of colors that we have
from the beginning I will do both
flashes in black the very simple I do
small forms of s
a little broken like the lightning that falls
on a tree it may be the reason
which requires the most technique of
drawing do not hesitate to train yourself
on a sheet before once you
did that you have your two little ones
lightning and that's the third and last
finished tab so here I hope that
this tutorial has more than you learned
lots of things
do not hesitate to say in
comment what are the small logos
the little symbols that characterize you
the most or also to give small
Advice from Born Barth Councils
we will meet again next week
for a new video while waiting
do not hesitate to like the facebook page
or subscribe to my youtube account
masculine singular
bizot